README.md, before:

# pdf-verify-sign-nitro
The purpose of this project is to demonstrate an issue verifying adbe.pkcs7.detached 
digital signatures added by Nitro Pro 11 using the typical [PDFBox](pdfbox.apache.org)
and [Bouncy Castle](https://www.bouncycastle.org/) approach (for example in the PDFBox
[ShowSignature](https://svn.apache.org/viewvc/pdfbox/trunk/examples/src/main/java/org/apache/pdfbox/examples/signature/ShowSignature.java?revision=1792241&view=co) example).
As a result several unit tests are not passing by design.

The Nitro Pro 11 fixtures in this project are validated by Adobe Reader DC.

Assuming you have Java installed, you can reproduce the issue thus:
```
gradlew test --tests PdfBoxBouncyCastleSignatureVerifierTest
```
For the Nitro 11 Pro signed fixtures, this results in the following error:
```
java.security.NoSuchAlgorithmException: SHA1WITHRSA MessageDigest not available
```

Adding an alias from SHA1WITHRSA (as a Digest Algorithm) to SHA1 as per [this question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38740206/bouncycastle-set-custom-alias-to-algorithm):

```java
BouncyCastleProvider provider = new BouncyCastleProvider();
provider.addAlgorithm("Alg.Alias.MessageDigest.SHA1WITHRSA", "SHA-1");
provider.addAlgorithm("Alg.Alias.MessageDigest.1.2.840.113549.1.1.5", "SHA-1");
```

suppresses the exception, but the signatures fail to verify, as per this unit test:
```
gradlew test --tests PdfBoxBouncyCastleAliasedProviderSignatureVerifierTest`
```

Commit message:

Tweaks to mkl's ValidateSignature example code - arbitrarily split into validation code and unit test to have a similar shape to PDFBox example based tests - added SHA1WITHRSA as a MessageDigest to provider, to give similar result to PdfBoxBouncyCastleAliasedProviderSignatureVerifierTest - extended to output BC ASN1Dump.dumpAsString() directly (this looks similar to the output mkl gave in the answer   http://stackoverflow.com/a/41174166 - though not quite as nice (no ObjectIdentifier interpretations))

README.md, after:

# pdf-verify-sign-nitro
The purpose of this project is to demonstrate an issue verifying adbe.pkcs7.detached 
digital signatures added by Nitro Pro 11 using the typical [PDFBox](pdfbox.apache.org)
and [Bouncy Castle](https://www.bouncycastle.org/) approach (for example in the PDFBox
[ShowSignature](https://svn.apache.org/viewvc/pdfbox/trunk/examples/src/main/java/org/apache/pdfbox/examples/signature/ShowSignature.java?revision=1792241&view=co) example).
As a result several unit tests are not passing by design.

The Nitro Pro 11 fixtures in this project are validated by Adobe Reader DC.

Assuming you have Java 8 installed, you can reproduce the issue thus:
```
./gradlew test --tests PdfBoxBouncyCastleSignatureVerifierTest
```
For the Nitro 11 Pro signed fixtures, this results in the following error:
```
java.security.NoSuchAlgorithmException: SHA1WITHRSA MessageDigest not available
```

Adding an alias from SHA1WITHRSA (as a Digest Algorithm) to SHA1 as per [this question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38740206/bouncycastle-set-custom-alias-to-algorithm):

```java
BouncyCastleProvider provider = new BouncyCastleProvider();
provider.addAlgorithm("Alg.Alias.MessageDigest.SHA1WITHRSA", "SHA-1");
provider.addAlgorithm("Alg.Alias.MessageDigest.1.2.840.113549.1.1.5", "SHA-1");
```

suppresses the exception, but the signatures fail to verify, as per this unit test:
```
./gradlew test --tests PdfBoxBouncyCastleAliasedProviderSignatureVerifierTest
```

mkl implemented a [validateSignaturesImproved()](https://github.com/mkl-public/testarea-pdfbox2/blob/master/src/test/java/mkl/testarea/pdfbox2/sign/ValidateSignature.java#L198) PDFBox and Bouncy Castle based PKCS#7 validation in response to
[this StackOverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/a/41174166).  It has some slight differences with respect to the treatment of adbe.pkcs7.detached signatures to the PDFBox example and outputs additional diagnostic information,
as seen in this unit test:
```
./gradlew test --tests PdfBoxMklValidateSignatureTest
```
